presumptuous
You're fucking upside down, you're crazy
It's not enough for you to mess around these two days
Now even Shen Shuai, you dare to impersonate Li Jinxiao
You might as well take a closer look at the invitation that God Shuai has given you
Why should I watch the play given to me by Lord Suzaku?
But you can give up completely
What? How does this continue?
Good son-in-law continue to read
Let this rubbish know
What are we standing behind tonight?
adult
Ben is good at September 30
Come and ask the guilt of the four major families in Yandu
personally apologize
Since the protagonist has arrived
Let's party, this wine
Yeah, it might not be what you think.
This wine
It's a wine for the gods to ask for guilt
This wine is the decapitated wine that kills thieves
This wine is a farewell wine for imperial power
Are you guys ready to hit the road?